qm-disk-import: add page; qm-importdisk: add alias page (#10499)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/qm-disk-import.md

# qm disk import

> > Import disk image to a VM as unused disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Import a disk image to a virtual machine as an unused disk.
```
